+


READERS’ BLOG by logout Register/Login News / Readers’ Blog / Tech / The growing influence of AI on the technology sector
READERS’ BLOG by logout Register/Login
READERS’ BLOG by
logout Register/Login
logout Register/Login
logout

Register/Login



News / Readers’ Blog / Tech / The growing influence of AI on the technology sector
Tech The growing influence of AI on the technology sector Maharshi Ghosh @ travel Jul 16, 2023,  16:36  IST In this ever-changing business landscape, AI is the brain and bawn of revolutionizing the tech industry. Artificial intelligence has enhanced efficiency, accuracy and cost-effectiveness. Everything and anything can be done within a stipulated time, from automating tasks to creating new effects. AI has enabled the team members to collect, process and analyze a greater amount of data at a quicker rate than before. This has helped tech companies to serve their customers with greater efficiency. Besides, Artificial intelligence and its languages outperformed manual time-sucking labor, bringing improved business processes to the table. Also, when it comes to maintaining customer relationship, AI bots is one of the finest inventions that keep things organized and streamlined. From resolving customer queries to sending him/her timely reminders about new product launches, AI chatbots are helping entrepreneurs to tap into the benefits. To be precise, AI consistently transforms the way of performing redundant tasks that once consumed more time. One of the biggest impacts is the elevation of AI-powered products and services. You may feel bogged down while typing the same thing while purchasing your favorite product from an Ecommerce site. However, Siri and Alexa are there to predict your shopping habits being machine learning algorithms. Statistics According to Microsoft, nearly Fortune 100 companies are using Azure AI today. 89% of the employees feel more fulfilled than before as they have AI-powered tools to perform daily tech work. AI has improved more than 9 billion slides within PowerPoint. This will help to create the tech company presentations efficiently. A significant number of tech companies are moving to the cloud due to various concerns, including privacy. 62% of tech business leaders reported that AI has already added more value to their organizations than in the earlier scenario. The future of AI AI’s positive and profound impact on the tech industry has ushered in new hopes and possibilities. With the proliferation of AI-powered tools and services, companies stay away from the curve. Not only is it just increasing task efficiency, but it’s also bridging the gap between the consumer and seller. Moving forward, the more tech companies will embrace new technologies, the more benefit they can reap in order to achieve their business goals. START A CONVERSATION Read Post a comment All Comments ( ) + Characters Remaining: 3000 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter + Sort By: Up Voted Newest Oldest Discussed Down Voted Be the first one to review. Add Comment Kindred spirits: Remarkable parallels of Ashoka and Gandhi's ideals Maharshi Ghosh @ travel hello, this is Maharshi. i have just completed my grads degree and have a thought on mind to write travel blogs. more Breast cancer: Turn this common into uncommon Lesser known symptoms of depression Why should you consider AEP as real-time CDP? Know the root causes of miscommunication and how it can affect your daily life Accentuating data science for future: A cognitive approach MOST read 8 Simple Steps to Protect the Environment Sabyasachi Mondal March 21, 2023 My dad’s retirement: The second most beautiful chapter of my life. Nishtha Gupta July 1, 2023 Artificial intelligence is the modern nukes Kishore Kulkarni June 30, 2023 Recently Joined Bloggers Suchismita Debnath Adyasha Behera aaaa bbbb Aditi Vipul Sharma Aishwarya Abhishek Singh Arshiya Mahajan gitityagi Iswar Chatterjee msendhilkumarss
Tech The growing influence of AI on the technology sector Maharshi Ghosh @ travel Jul 16, 2023,  16:36  IST In this ever-changing business landscape, AI is the brain and bawn of revolutionizing the tech industry. Artificial intelligence has enhanced efficiency, accuracy and cost-effectiveness. Everything and anything can be done within a stipulated time, from automating tasks to creating new effects. AI has enabled the team members to collect, process and analyze a greater amount of data at a quicker rate than before. This has helped tech companies to serve their customers with greater efficiency. Besides, Artificial intelligence and its languages outperformed manual time-sucking labor, bringing improved business processes to the table. Also, when it comes to maintaining customer relationship, AI bots is one of the finest inventions that keep things organized and streamlined. From resolving customer queries to sending him/her timely reminders about new product launches, AI chatbots are helping entrepreneurs to tap into the benefits. To be precise, AI consistently transforms the way of performing redundant tasks that once consumed more time. One of the biggest impacts is the elevation of AI-powered products and services. You may feel bogged down while typing the same thing while purchasing your favorite product from an Ecommerce site. However, Siri and Alexa are there to predict your shopping habits being machine learning algorithms. Statistics According to Microsoft, nearly Fortune 100 companies are using Azure AI today. 89% of the employees feel more fulfilled than before as they have AI-powered tools to perform daily tech work. AI has improved more than 9 billion slides within PowerPoint. This will help to create the tech company presentations efficiently. A significant number of tech companies are moving to the cloud due to various concerns, including privacy. 62% of tech business leaders reported that AI has already added more value to their organizations than in the earlier scenario. The future of AI AI’s positive and profound impact on the tech industry has ushered in new hopes and possibilities. With the proliferation of AI-powered tools and services, companies stay away from the curve. Not only is it just increasing task efficiency, but it’s also bridging the gap between the consumer and seller. Moving forward, the more tech companies will embrace new technologies, the more benefit they can reap in order to achieve their business goals. START A CONVERSATION Read Post a comment All Comments ( ) + Characters Remaining: 3000 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter + Sort By: Up Voted Newest Oldest Discussed Down Voted Be the first one to review. Add Comment Kindred spirits: Remarkable parallels of Ashoka and Gandhi's ideals Maharshi Ghosh @ travel hello, this is Maharshi. i have just completed my grads degree and have a thought on mind to write travel blogs. more Breast cancer: Turn this common into uncommon Lesser known symptoms of depression Why should you consider AEP as real-time CDP? Know the root causes of miscommunication and how it can affect your daily life Accentuating data science for future: A cognitive approach MOST read 8 Simple Steps to Protect the Environment Sabyasachi Mondal March 21, 2023 My dad’s retirement: The second most beautiful chapter of my life. Nishtha Gupta July 1, 2023 Artificial intelligence is the modern nukes Kishore Kulkarni June 30, 2023 Recently Joined Bloggers Suchismita Debnath Adyasha Behera aaaa bbbb Aditi Vipul Sharma Aishwarya Abhishek Singh Arshiya Mahajan gitityagi Iswar Chatterjee msendhilkumarss

Tech The growing influence of AI on the technology sector Maharshi Ghosh @ travel Jul 16, 2023,  16:36  IST In this ever-changing business landscape, AI is the brain and bawn of revolutionizing the tech industry. Artificial intelligence has enhanced efficiency, accuracy and cost-effectiveness. Everything and anything can be done within a stipulated time, from automating tasks to creating new effects. AI has enabled the team members to collect, process and analyze a greater amount of data at a quicker rate than before. This has helped tech companies to serve their customers with greater efficiency. Besides, Artificial intelligence and its languages outperformed manual time-sucking labor, bringing improved business processes to the table. Also, when it comes to maintaining customer relationship, AI bots is one of the finest inventions that keep things organized and streamlined. From resolving customer queries to sending him/her timely reminders about new product launches, AI chatbots are helping entrepreneurs to tap into the benefits. To be precise, AI consistently transforms the way of performing redundant tasks that once consumed more time. One of the biggest impacts is the elevation of AI-powered products and services. You may feel bogged down while typing the same thing while purchasing your favorite product from an Ecommerce site. However, Siri and Alexa are there to predict your shopping habits being machine learning algorithms. Statistics According to Microsoft, nearly Fortune 100 companies are using Azure AI today. 89% of the employees feel more fulfilled than before as they have AI-powered tools to perform daily tech work. AI has improved more than 9 billion slides within PowerPoint. This will help to create the tech company presentations efficiently. A significant number of tech companies are moving to the cloud due to various concerns, including privacy. 62% of tech business leaders reported that AI has already added more value to their organizations than in the earlier scenario. The future of AI AI’s positive and profound impact on the tech industry has ushered in new hopes and possibilities. With the proliferation of AI-powered tools and services, companies stay away from the curve. Not only is it just increasing task efficiency, but it’s also bridging the gap between the consumer and seller. Moving forward, the more tech companies will embrace new technologies, the more benefit they can reap in order to achieve their business goals. START A CONVERSATION Read Post a comment All Comments ( ) + Characters Remaining: 3000 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter + Sort By: Up Voted Newest Oldest Discussed Down Voted Be the first one to review. Add Comment Kindred spirits: Remarkable parallels of Ashoka and Gandhi's ideals
Tech The growing influence of AI on the technology sector Maharshi Ghosh @ travel Jul 16, 2023,  16:36  IST In this ever-changing business landscape, AI is the brain and bawn of revolutionizing the tech industry. Artificial intelligence has enhanced efficiency, accuracy and cost-effectiveness. Everything and anything can be done within a stipulated time, from automating tasks to creating new effects. AI has enabled the team members to collect, process and analyze a greater amount of data at a quicker rate than before. This has helped tech companies to serve their customers with greater efficiency. Besides, Artificial intelligence and its languages outperformed manual time-sucking labor, bringing improved business processes to the table. Also, when it comes to maintaining customer relationship, AI bots is one of the finest inventions that keep things organized and streamlined. From resolving customer queries to sending him/her timely reminders about new product launches, AI chatbots are helping entrepreneurs to tap into the benefits. To be precise, AI consistently transforms the way of performing redundant tasks that once consumed more time. One of the biggest impacts is the elevation of AI-powered products and services. You may feel bogged down while typing the same thing while purchasing your favorite product from an Ecommerce site. However, Siri and Alexa are there to predict your shopping habits being machine learning algorithms. Statistics According to Microsoft, nearly Fortune 100 companies are using Azure AI today. 89% of the employees feel more fulfilled than before as they have AI-powered tools to perform daily tech work. AI has improved more than 9 billion slides within PowerPoint. This will help to create the tech company presentations efficiently. A significant number of tech companies are moving to the cloud due to various concerns, including privacy. 62% of tech business leaders reported that AI has already added more value to their organizations than in the earlier scenario. The future of AI AI’s positive and profound impact on the tech industry has ushered in new hopes and possibilities. With the proliferation of AI-powered tools and services, companies stay away from the curve. Not only is it just increasing task efficiency, but it’s also bridging the gap between the consumer and seller. Moving forward, the more tech companies will embrace new technologies, the more benefit they can reap in order to achieve their business goals.
Tech The growing influence of AI on the technology sector Maharshi Ghosh @ travel Jul 16, 2023,  16:36  IST
The growing influence of AI on the technology sector
The growing influence of AI on the technology sector
Maharshi Ghosh @ travel Jul 16, 2023,  16:36  IST
In this ever-changing business landscape, AI is the brain and bawn of revolutionizing the tech industry. Artificial intelligence has enhanced efficiency, accuracy and cost-effectiveness. Everything and anything can be done within a stipulated time, from automating tasks to creating new effects. AI has enabled the team members to collect, process and analyze a greater amount of data at a quicker rate than before. This has helped tech companies to serve their customers with greater efficiency. Besides, Artificial intelligence and its languages outperformed manual time-sucking labor, bringing improved business processes to the table. Also, when it comes to maintaining customer relationship, AI bots is one of the finest inventions that keep things organized and streamlined. From resolving customer queries to sending him/her timely reminders about new product launches, AI chatbots are helping entrepreneurs to tap into the benefits. To be precise, AI consistently transforms the way of performing redundant tasks that once consumed more time. One of the biggest impacts is the elevation of AI-powered products and services. You may feel bogged down while typing the same thing while purchasing your favorite product from an Ecommerce site. However, Siri and Alexa are there to predict your shopping habits being machine learning algorithms. Statistics According to Microsoft, nearly Fortune 100 companies are using Azure AI today. 89% of the employees feel more fulfilled than before as they have AI-powered tools to perform daily tech work. AI has improved more than 9 billion slides within PowerPoint. This will help to create the tech company presentations efficiently. A significant number of tech companies are moving to the cloud due to various concerns, including privacy. 62% of tech business leaders reported that AI has already added more value to their organizations than in the earlier scenario. The future of AI AI’s positive and profound impact on the tech industry has ushered in new hopes and possibilities. With the proliferation of AI-powered tools and services, companies stay away from the curve. Not only is it just increasing task efficiency, but it’s also bridging the gap between the consumer and seller. Moving forward, the more tech companies will embrace new technologies, the more benefit they can reap in order to achieve their business goals.
In this ever-changing business landscape, AI is the brain and bawn of revolutionizing the tech industry. Artificial intelligence has enhanced efficiency, accuracy and cost-effectiveness. Everything and anything can be done within a stipulated time, from automating tasks to creating new effects.
AI has enabled the team members to collect, process and analyze a greater amount of data at a quicker rate than before. This has helped tech companies to serve their customers with greater efficiency. Besides, Artificial intelligence and its languages outperformed manual time-sucking labor, bringing improved business processes to the table.
Also, when it comes to maintaining customer relationship, AI bots is one of the finest inventions that keep things organized and streamlined. From resolving customer queries to sending him/her timely reminders about new product launches, AI chatbots are helping entrepreneurs to tap into the benefits. To be precise, AI consistently transforms the way of performing redundant tasks that once consumed more time.
One of the biggest impacts is the elevation of AI-powered products and services. You may feel bogged down while typing the same thing while purchasing your favorite product from an Ecommerce site. However, Siri and Alexa are there to predict your shopping habits being machine learning algorithms.
Statistics
The future of AI AI’s positive and profound impact on the tech industry has ushered in new hopes and possibilities. With the proliferation of AI-powered tools and services, companies stay away from the curve. Not only is it just increasing task efficiency, but it’s also bridging the gap between the consumer and seller. Moving forward, the more tech companies will embrace new technologies, the more benefit they can reap in order to achieve their business goals.



START A CONVERSATION Read Post a comment All Comments ( ) + Characters Remaining: 3000 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter + Sort By: Up Voted Newest Oldest Discussed Down Voted Be the first one to review. Add Comment
START A CONVERSATION Read Post a comment
All Comments ( ) + Characters Remaining: 3000 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter + Sort By: Up Voted Newest Oldest Discussed Down Voted Be the first one to review. Add Comment
All Comments ( ) + Characters Remaining: 3000 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter + Sort By: Up Voted Newest Oldest Discussed Down Voted Be the first one to review.
All Comments ( ) +
All Comments ( ) +
Characters Remaining: 3000 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter +
Characters Remaining: 3000 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter +
Characters Remaining: 3000 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter +


Characters Remaining: 3000 Share on Facebook Share on Twitter
Share on Facebook Share on Twitter


Sort By: Up Voted Newest Oldest Discussed Down Voted
Be the first one to review.







Maharshi Ghosh @ travel hello, this is Maharshi. i have just completed my grads degree and have a thought on mind to write travel blogs. more Breast cancer: Turn this common into uncommon Lesser known symptoms of depression Why should you consider AEP as real-time CDP? Know the root causes of miscommunication and how it can affect your daily life Accentuating data science for future: A cognitive approach MOST read 8 Simple Steps to Protect the Environment Sabyasachi Mondal March 21, 2023 My dad’s retirement: The second most beautiful chapter of my life. Nishtha Gupta July 1, 2023 Artificial intelligence is the modern nukes Kishore Kulkarni June 30, 2023 Recently Joined Bloggers Suchismita Debnath Adyasha Behera aaaa bbbb Aditi Vipul Sharma Aishwarya Abhishek Singh Arshiya Mahajan gitityagi Iswar Chatterjee msendhilkumarss
Maharshi Ghosh @ travel hello, this is Maharshi. i have just completed my grads degree and have a thought on mind to write travel blogs. more Breast cancer: Turn this common into uncommon Lesser known symptoms of depression Why should you consider AEP as real-time CDP? Know the root causes of miscommunication and how it can affect your daily life Accentuating data science for future: A cognitive approach MOST read 8 Simple Steps to Protect the Environment Sabyasachi Mondal March 21, 2023 My dad’s retirement: The second most beautiful chapter of my life. Nishtha Gupta July 1, 2023 Artificial intelligence is the modern nukes Kishore Kulkarni June 30, 2023 Recently Joined Bloggers Suchismita Debnath Adyasha Behera aaaa bbbb Aditi Vipul Sharma Aishwarya Abhishek Singh Arshiya Mahajan gitityagi Iswar Chatterjee msendhilkumarss


Maharshi Ghosh @ travel hello, this is Maharshi. i have just completed my grads degree and have a thought on mind to write travel blogs. more Breast cancer: Turn this common into uncommon Lesser known symptoms of depression Why should you consider AEP as real-time CDP? Know the root causes of miscommunication and how it can affect your daily life Accentuating data science for future: A cognitive approach
Maharshi Ghosh @ travel hello, this is Maharshi. i have just completed my grads degree and have a thought on mind to write travel blogs. more
Maharshi Ghosh @ travel hello, this is Maharshi. i have just completed my grads degree and have a thought on mind to write travel blogs. more
@ travel
hello, this is Maharshi. i have just completed my grads degree and have a thought on mind to write travel blogs.
Breast cancer: Turn this common into uncommon Lesser known symptoms of depression Why should you consider AEP as real-time CDP? Know the root causes of miscommunication and how it can affect your daily life Accentuating data science for future: A cognitive approach
Breast cancer: Turn this common into uncommon
Lesser known symptoms of depression
Why should you consider AEP as real-time CDP?
Know the root causes of miscommunication and how it can affect your daily life
Accentuating data science for future: A cognitive approach
MOST read 8 Simple Steps to Protect the Environment Sabyasachi Mondal March 21, 2023 My dad’s retirement: The second most beautiful chapter of my life. Nishtha Gupta July 1, 2023 Artificial intelligence is the modern nukes Kishore Kulkarni June 30, 2023
MOST read
8 Simple Steps to Protect the Environment Sabyasachi Mondal March 21, 2023
8 Simple Steps to Protect the Environment
Sabyasachi Mondal
My dad’s retirement: The second most beautiful chapter of my life. Nishtha Gupta July 1, 2023
My dad’s retirement: The second most beautiful chapter of my life.
Nishtha Gupta
Artificial intelligence is the modern nukes Kishore Kulkarni June 30, 2023
Artificial intelligence is the modern nukes
Kishore Kulkarni
Recently Joined Bloggers Suchismita Debnath Adyasha Behera aaaa bbbb Aditi Vipul Sharma Aishwarya Abhishek Singh Arshiya Mahajan gitityagi Iswar Chatterjee msendhilkumarss
Recently Joined Bloggers
Suchismita Debnath
Adyasha Behera
aaaa bbbb
Aditi
Vipul Sharma
Aishwarya Abhishek Singh
Arshiya Mahajan
gitityagi
Iswar Chatterjee
msendhilkumarss